helm-rollout-restarter FAQ (#1021)
kubecost/docs: troubleshooting/frequently-asked-questions.md

Q: How can I configure my displayed currency type?\
A: Kubecost supports multiple different currency types for display purposes, but does not perform direct currency conversion. This must be configured via your *values.yaml* with the flag `kubecostProductConfigs.currencyCode`.

Q: What is the `helm-rollout-restarter` and how can I disable it?\

> A: When configMaps and secrets are modified, Kubecost's pods need to be restarted for the changes to take effect. By changing a this label in the pod whenever a helm upgrade is run, this is done automatically. If this is causing issues with your deployment tools, the `helm-rollout-restarter` can be disabled by setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: When configMaps and secrets are modified, Kubecost's pods need to be restarted for the changes to take effect. To trigger pod restarts, the `helm-rollout-restarter` label generates a new random string every time a `helm template` or `helm upgrade` is run. If this is causing issues with your deployment tools, the `helm-rollout-restarter` can be disabled by setting:
```
